Update writing guide for code live example (#24176)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/code_examples/index.md

Sometimes you just want to display the static code block that is pertinent to the example rendered within a page. However you still need HTML, CSS and JavaScript to render such an example.

> To achieve this you can hide any code blocks that are not relevant with the `hidden` class. Also, omit the `### HTML/CSS/JavaScript` headings for the hidden code blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this you can hide any code blocks that are not relevant with the `hidden` class. If you do this, omit the `### HTML/CSS/JavaScript` headings for the hidden code blocks.
```
